docs: Revamp prebuilt evals (#690)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/evaluation/how_to_guides/evaluate_llm_application.mdx

## Define an evaluator

:::tip

> You can also check out [openevals](https://github.com/langchain-ai/openevals) and [agentevals](https://github.com/langchain-ai/agentevals) for readymade evaluators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also check out LangChain's open source evaluation package [openevals](https://github.com/langchain-ai/openevals) for common pre-built evaluators.
```
